as a leader in my organization. One important decision I face every day
is, uh, to decide to get up and go to work every day. And I think
we we all are faced with that. Maybe, you know, everyone has their bad
days, and, you know, sometimes you just you don't feel like doing.
You don't feel like, you know. But what makes the decision for me
is the fact that there's a team of sailors or peers and even seniors
that are somewhere so, you know, relying on me, too. You know, I helped
get them through the day, always like to believe that maybe there
there's a sailor who's going through something and me not strong
up at work that day could be the day that they feel like a temporary
problem is a permanent problem. And that's what an important decision
I make every day